1:Mr.Satan:
In front of you stands a tall muscular man with a black
curly afro and mustache. He is wearing a martial arts
uniform. You soon discover that this is Mr. Satan. He
is the current World Martial Arts Champion. Mr. Satan
is your final boss that you must defeat to win the
game. Mr. Satan’s strengths are his skill level in
martial arts and his physical strength.:29:110:
-Mr. Satan performs a palm strike
to your face. You lose 15 HP:15:
-Mr. Satan doesn’t like what you
did, he retaliates by pushing you to
the ground. You lose 10 HP.:10:
- Mr. Satan draws his axe and
swings it at you. This was a
devastating move, You lose 40 HP:40:
- Mr. Satan thinks you are a joke,
he pulls out his club and smacks you
on the head. You lose 15 HP.:15:2:Piccolo:
You see in the distance a green tall muscular man
with large ears and a chiseled face. His name is
Piccolo. He appears grumpy and doesn’t look like he
wants to be bothered. But who knows what he is
going to do if you don’t attack.:17:80:
-Piccolo hates people that initiate
contact. Piccolo throws a solid punch
at you. You lose 10 HP:10:
- Quick retaliation. Piccolo kicks
your legs and you fall to the ground.
You lose 15 HP.:15:
- Piccolo is angry. He gets you in
the throat. You lose 5 HP:5:
What did you do that for. Piccolo
kicks you in the stomach. You lose 12 HP:12:3:Kibito:
Kibito is a tall, pink skinned person with white long
hair. You make eye contact as you see him move in
the distance. He does not appear as strong as you but
he has a sword:25:90:
- Kibito swings his sword and
catches your arm. You start to bleed.
You lose 10 HP:10:
- You make Kibito angry. He kicks
you in the side and you buckle over.
You lose 10 HP.:15:
- You don’t even see it coming but
you are stabbed in the stomach.
There is so much blood. You lose 25
HP.:25:
- “Ouch” says Kibito. He hits you in
the face. You lose 5 HP.:5:4:Killa:
Killa is a large brown skinned man with his wrists
wrapped. You see him out of the corner of your eye
and he looks ready to fight.. He is wearing a green
tank top and green shorts. He is a regular in the World
Martial Arts Tournaments and has a few specialty
moves:7:50:
- Killa uses hikou his ability to fly
and attacks you from above. You lose
10 HP.:10:
- Killa uses his special attack on
you and throws a knuckle blow. He
hits you hard once and follows this by
a series of small punches. You lose
20 HP:20:
- You think that you are winning this
fight but then Killa gets you in the
head. You lose 15 HP.:15:
- What just happened. Killa got both
your ears at once and now they are
ringing. You lose 5 HP.:5:5:Trunks:
Trunks is a teenager with blue hair and blue
eyes. He is wearing overalls and a blue undershirt
with maroon wristbands. He looks like a cool kid. I
wonder if he knows how to fight:14:65:
- Trunks is quick, he somehow
appears behind you and punches the
back of your head. You lose 10 HP.:10:
- Out of no where Trunks pulls out a
sword. He slashes your thigh open.
You lose 15 HP.:15:
3 - Trucks punches you in the
stomach so you crunch over and then
he gets you in the face. You lose 15
HP.:15:
- Trunks uses his speed and runs
around you holding while holding a
rope, he ties your legs up and pushes
you over. You get lose but you lose
10 HP.:10:6:Prince Vegeta:
Prince Vegeta is slim but a well- build man. He has
black spiky hair and is wearing a navy blue tank top
and sweatpants. He also has on gloves. I wonder why
he has gloves on.:21:80:
- Prince Vegeta is very good at
hand combat. He throws a
combination move at you. You lose
15 HP.:15:
- You now know what the gloves
are for. Prince Vegeta pulls out a
whip and runs it through his hands.
He pulls it back and gets you hard in
the chest. You lose 20 HP.:20:
- Vegeta Uses Big Bang Attack your die at
this rate . You lose 35 HP.:35:
- You got lucky, Prince Vegeta was
about to hit you in the head but you
manage to jump back slightly and he
only grazes you. You lose 5 HP.:5:7:Android 18:
Android 18 is a slender, curvy and beautiful woman
that has fair skin. You see her towards the corner of
your location. She has shoulder length blonde hair
and is wearing dark jeans with a white t-shirt and
black jean vest overtop. She looks like a badass. Lets
hope she doesn’t fight like one too though.:9:55:
- Android 18 catches you off guard
and sweeps your legs and you fall to
the ground. You quickly scamper to
your feet but you lose 10 HP.:10:
- You look away for a second and
Android 18 kicks the side of your leg
hard and it goes numb. You lose 5
HP.:5:
- Android 18 manages to get ahold
of your hand and breaks your middle
finger. You lose 15 HP.:15:
- Android 18 thought she was going
to get you good but you manage to
get a solid block in when she swings
at you. You only lose 1 HP.:1:8:Dabura:
Dabura is the king of the Demon Realm. He is
standing tall and looks very scary. He has red skin,
goatee and horns and resembles Satan himself. He
doesn’t really look like someone you want to mess
with.:30:98:
- Dabura throws an uppercut to your
stomach, You lose 10 HP.:10:
- While you are catching your
breath, Dabura takes no mercy and
kicks you to the ground and you have
to try and quickly pull yourself back
up. You lose 15 HP.:15:
- Dabura throws his spear at you
and hits you in the chest. You lose 55
HP.:55:
- Just as you thought you were
starting to turn this fight around,
Dabura begins to emit smoke from his
head and quickly after he puts his
hands together and sends a fireball
your way. You lose 15 HP.:15